hey fellow comrades hi guys been doing
two boys in here welcome back hope you
guys are having great day this day is
fine day this fun beautiful beautiful
day gotta get outside a little bit more
but talking about some stuff here I've
just recently spotted people just
spamming the news around my sub box know
when when there's news out there if
you're subscribed to polka tubers be
sure to get swamped by those news and
whatnot so basically I've seen mega
auditorium and I was like wow this
happened and I was making a top 10 video
and I was wishing for something like
this that actually Giannini happen and
they surprised me by making it happen
and also they spot on give it a type
that I wanted to see fairy dragon nail
that straight down to the coffin is John
nailed it like a vampire nailed it
sprays seriously sucking the blood out
and embrace this fairy will show no
mercy but speaking this is definitely
not a faerie vampire typing what I'm
talking about is that I wanted to kind
of dress basically because I'm gonna you
know showcase this top 10 video and want
people to think a but this is already
announced what what are you doing you
know what are you doing with your life
what are you doing with this stuff wipe
way putting out the stuff that we
already know are gonna make of all this
had no wishes this is so that's
what I didn't want to do so i'm gonna
try to prove you because this video that
i was working on on sony vegas as we
made before this news got or at least so
basically they heard my prayers to a
certain extent Arceus heard me up there
you know the main man outside you know
inside a game freak outs our game
freakin middle game freak who knows
where he is now but the thing is that i
want to show you guys so you can see
this has been made the data modify has
been made the the thought has been made
on august the fifth and i'm gonna open
this file right now i'm gonna open this
file and show you guys what i recently
done now honestly basically I'm bad at
editing but I could be decently enough
to easily know
make a fake sort of proof but I'm not
going to do that guys will just have to
believe me to a certain extent i can
least try to show you that i wish this
to happen for atariya to mega evolve and
also to get very dragon typing i know
it's like not the biggest you know like
it's sort of obvious if the tour is
gonna make a lot it's gonna become a
hairy just look at it it looks like a
typical fairy but it still happened can
sony vegas please load not now please
not now can you god this computer is
slow no but it's funny you know how it
because it's kind of screwing my top 10
list to a certain extent you know
anyways windows has detected that the
computer performance is slow or no
man don't have to tell me this to know
but i'm probably gonna need to make like
a virus we checked because this is this
is stupid this is stupid level it's like
i'm using a 2000 free computer which
kind of thinking about it my case is
kind of 2003 you don't don't pretty much
empty case that that's what me um let's
see so it's taken a while to load
something that shouldn't play take two
seconds slow that's so typical not going
to cut it because this needs to be real
time ladies and gentlemen its need to be
real time you guys need to watch this
full screen a 1080p there's 10 8 b but
ignore all missing files this is funny
because there's basically no files that
are missing in this video as i'm editing
it for sure i couldn't put out the news
before but let's see this let's see this
show i believe it's here right here that
i was talking about me auditorium i'm
also gonna be you know a little bit
expanding the audio so you guys can hear
me talking so you guys can see there is
no fake no voice over this has been
done there on that day august the fifth
one news have still not arrived for the
public to the net basically a dragon
vary with the video titled relax inna
target destroyed miss a perfect fairly
tight pokemon it's a bit so cute pokemon
and destructions a fairly so grandma was
a fairy so wise enough target fairy make
it a fairy type fairy dragon the one
Pokemon the distributed likes dragon and
itself being a dragon which is blow
people's minds appeal of that concept
give it even more Vulcan expanded make
more over here one so make out Harley's
German very tricky for maybe a dry cool
yeah